DOCS-1101: Update to smart machine more broadly (#1863)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/extend/modular-resources/key-concepts.md

### Reconfiguration

> When you change the configuration of a smart machine, the behavior of modular resource instances versus built-in resource instances is equivalent.

Reviewer: Same here; robot is still an organizational concept that is relevant

> When you change the configuration of a smart machine, the behavior of modular resource instances versus built-in resource instances is equivalent.
> This means you can add, modify, and remove a modular resource instance from a running smart machine as normal.

Author: ```suggestion
When you change the configuration of a robot the behavior of modular resource instances versus built-in resource instances is equivalent.
This means you can add, modify, and remove a modular resource instance from a running robot as normal.
```

### Modular resources as remotes

[Remote](/manage/parts-and-remotes/) parts may load their own modules and provide modular resources, just as the main part can.

> This means that you can compose a smart machine of any number of parts running in different compute locations, each containing both built-in and custom resources.

Reviewer: Should definitely be “robot” here for as long as the app says robot

Author: ```suggestion
This means that you can compose a robot of any number of parts running in different compute locations, each containing both built-in and custom resources.
```
